wwwroot\blanka.otf
wwwroot\css\alogin.css
wwwroot\css\alogin.min.css
wwwroot\css\alogin.scss
wwwroot\css\analise.css
wwwroot\css\analise.min.css
wwwroot\css\analise.scss
wwwroot\css\blanka.otf
wwwroot\css\Chaveamento.css
wwwroot\css\Chaveamento.min.css
wwwroot\css\Chaveamento.scss
wwwroot\css\estrategia.css
wwwroot\css\estrategia.min.css
wwwroot\css\estrategia.scss
wwwroot\css\home.css
wwwroot\css\home.min.css
wwwroot\css\home.scss
wwwroot\css\player.css
wwwroot\css\player.min.css
wwwroot\css\player.scss
wwwroot\css\selecao.css
wwwroot\css\selecao.min.css
wwwroot\css\selecao.scss
wwwroot\css\shared.css
wwwroot\css\shared.min.css
wwwroot\css\shared.scss
wwwroot\css\treinador.css
wwwroot\css\treinador.min.css
wwwroot\css\treinador.scss
wwwroot\css\treinadorIndex.css
wwwroot\css\treinadorIndex.min.css
wwwroot\css\treinadorIndex.scss
wwwroot\css\treino.css
wwwroot\css\treino.min.css
wwwroot\css\treino.scss
wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\favicon_darkmode.ico
wwwroot\img\elos\Ascendant 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Ascendant 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Ascendant 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Bronze 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Bronze 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Bronze 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Diamond 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Diamond 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Diamond 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Gold 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Gold 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Gold 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Immortal 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Immortal 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Immortal 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Iron 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Iron 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Iron 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Platinum 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Platinum 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Platinum 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Radiant.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Silver 1.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Silver 2.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Silver 3.png
wwwroot\img\elos\Unrated.png
wwwroot\img\icon_perfil.png
wwwroot\img\icones\estrategia.png
wwwroot\img\lapis.png
wwwroot\img\lixo.png
wwwroot\img\loading.gif
wwwroot\img\LogoAFEE.png
wwwroot\img\LogoAFEE_darkmode.png
wwwroot\img\lupa.png
wwwroot\img\olho.png
wwwroot\js\agenda.js
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
